docs: add first elements of the onboarding guide. (#960)
asyncapi/community: docs/onboarding-guide/index.md

---
title: 'Introduction'

> weight: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 10
```

---

> ## AsyncAPI docs onboarding guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Technical writer onboarding guide
```

> This onboarding guide is for technical writers who are new to the AsyncAPI community to learn how to contribute. For information about contributing to the AsyncAPI codebase, see the [contributing document](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). Although intended for a developer audience, writers can find descriptions of general contribution principles and workflows for AsyncAPI projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AsyncAPI technical writer onboarding guide teaches new community members how to contribute to our documentation effectively. 

> For a comprehensive understanding of the various ways you can contribute to the AsyncAPI Initiative, please consult the [AsyncAPI contributing guidelines](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> The goal of this onboarding guide is to help technical writers understand the tools, technologies, and processes in our documentation. More specifically, this section will help new writers to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal is providing docs contributors with the necessary tools and knowledge to:
```

> * Understand consumers of the documentation.
> * Identify teammates and subject matter experts (SMEs).
> * Find bugs and create issues.
> * Make changes to the documentation.
> * Receive feedback from reviewers.
> * Publish changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Understand our documentation tools, technologies, and processes.
* Comprehend our documentation target audiences.
* Connect with teammates and subject matter experts (SMEs).
* Report documentation bugs via issues.
* Implement and propose updates to our documentation.
* Obtain and incorporate reviewers' feedback.
* Publish changes successfully.
```

> We encourage you to reach out to the community whenever you have questions. For specifics on communication channels and to move forward with onboarding, start with the [onboarding checklist](/onboarding-guide/docs-onboarding-checklist.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
